[[ServiceNow]]
## User Interface
- As it relates to ServiceNow reporting, which of the following statements describes what a metric can do? ans: A metric is used to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of IT service management processes
- Knowledge Base Search results can be sorted by which of the following? Most recent update, Relevancy, Number of Views
- What is the path an Administrator could take to view the fulfillment stage task list for an order placed by a user? REQ (Number)>RITM (Number)>TASK (Number)
- From the User menu, which actions can a user select? Log Out ServiceNow, Elevate Roles, Impersonate Users.
- What are the four areas of the primary UI? Banner Frame, Edge, Application Navigator and Content Frame
- What part of the banner frame shows the name of the current user and provides a link to the user's profile? The welcome message


## Navigation
- Where do you go to configure your instance to send an email at the end of an upgrade? System Policy > Notifications
- How do you modify field behavior? Right click > Personalize > Dictionary
- How to create a new Service Catalog categories? Service Catalog > Maintain Categories
- How to create a new variable list? Service Catalog > Catalog Variables > Variable Sets

## Collaboration
- What defines and monitors the guarantees established with an outside supplier and is a tool for supplier management? Underpinning contract (UC)
- What are 4 things the service catalog provides?  Ordering System, Service Desk Access, Help and training portal, one stop shopping
- In SMS where do you go to enable additional service providers? cmn_notif_service_provider
- What are the types of SLA's? Service Level Agreement, Operational Level Agreement, Underpinning contract
## Database Admin
- The display sequence is controlled in a Service Catalog Item using which of the following? The Order field in the Variable form
- Name the tables extended from Configuration table. Network Devices, Hardware. Server
- What stores a record of all browser activity for an instance? Transaction Log


## 